# theblockchainapi.FeePayerWallet

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**secretRecoveryPhrase** | **String** | The twelve word phrase that can be used to derive many public key addresses (e.g., bottom army bless castle alter habit dish embody child flame smooth zone).  To derive a public key, you need a secret recovery phrase, a derivation path, and an optional passphrase.   Alternatively, you can derive a public key with a private key. | 
**derivationPath** | **String** | Derivation paths are used to derive the public key from the secret recovery phrase. Only certain paths are accepted.  If you provide the empty string \&quot;\&quot; as the value for the derivation path, then we will derive your public key with the same behavior as the default behavior of the Solana CLI.  By default, we use \&quot;m/44/501/0/0\&quot;. This is the path that the Phantom and Sollet wallets use.  You can also arbitrarily increment the default path (\&quot;m/44/501/0/0\&quot;) to generate more wallets (e.g., \&quot;m/44/501/0/1\&quot;, \&quot;m/44/501/0/2\&quot;, ... AND/OR \&quot;m/44/501/1/0\&quot;, \&quot;m/44/501/2/0\&quot;, ...).  Phantom&#39;s Wallet increments the first digit (e.g., \&quot;m/44/501/0/0\&quot;, \&quot;m/44/501/1/0\&quot;, \&quot;m/44/501/2/0\&quot;, ...) to generate more public key addresses.  The SolFlare recommended path is \&quot;m/44/501/0\&quot;.  To learn more about derivation paths, check out &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://learnmeabitcoin.com/technical/derivation-paths\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;this tutorial&lt;/a&gt;. | [optional] [default to &#39;m/44/501/0/0&#39;]
**passphrase** | **String** | PASSPHRASE !&#x3D; PASSWORD. This is NOT your Phantom password or any other password. It is an optional string you use when creating a wallet. This provides an additional layer of security because a hacker would need both the secret recovery phrase and the passphrase to access the output public key. By default, most wallet UI extensions do not use a passphrase. (You probably did not use a passphrase.) Limited to 500 characters.  | [optional] [default to &#39;&#39;]
**privateKey** | **Object** | A private key corresponds to exactly one public key address. A private key can be used to move assets out of the wallet and sign transaction with the corresponding public key.  A private key is an array of integers (e.g.,   &#x60;[185,108,153,165,57,193,166,167,58,148,133,121,92,252,242,13,233,246,35,103,185,20,27,56,111,169,12,50,50,36,83,156,173,195,143,75,135,78,204,129,217,231,58,129,69,180,185,86,119,43,200,193,94,112,31,135,68,128,207,26,85,150,68,181]&#x60;).  &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://solflare.com\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Solflare&lt;/a&gt; is a popular wallet interface on Solana that allows you to export your private key in this format. | 
**b58PrivateKey** | **String** | A private key corresponds to exactly one public key address. A private key can be used to move assets out of the wallet and sign transaction with the corresponding public key.  A base58-encoded private key is a base58-encoded version of the typical private key. It is represented as a string (e.g., &#x60;4waBTVeAVWEAczSdx36uMrR19668ACgQDs7r386vrUes3UCzvXCQ2FPSCVGb1zJrwcULgpNzgABreyQaWSpGBwfx&#x60;).  &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://phantom.app\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Phantom&lt;/a&gt; is a popular wallet interface on Solana that allows you to export your private key in this format. | 


