# theblockchainapi.GeneralTransferRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**recipientBlockchainIdentifier** | **String** | The blockchain identifier of the recipient to whom you want to send a token or NFT.  On Ethereum, this is the hex public address of the recipient (e.g., &#x60;0x150865ca659204a9a0cd0da00296c6b5db441172&#x60;)  On Solana, this is the public key of the recipient (e.g., &#x60;EW3nXn7X4NTWFKWaJgxKrFNoTSkop1cBUVHA21zrfF6u&#x60;).  | 
**wallet** | [**GeneralWallet**](GeneralWallet.md) |  | [optional] 
**tokenBlockchainIdentifier** | **String** | The &#x60;token_blockchain_identifier&#x60; identifies the token you wish to transfer.  - If you&#39;re transferring a native blockchain currency (e.g., SOL, ETH, BNB), then simply do not supply this value. - If you&#39;re transfering an NFT, then supply the token address of the NFT. On Solana, this is the &#x60;mint_address&#x60; or &#x60;mint&#x60; (the address of the mint). - If you&#39;re transfering a token, supply the token address. For Solana, you can find on this on the Solana Explorer (e.g., see &#x60;SRMuApVNdxXokk5GT7XD5cUUgXMBCoAz2LHeuAoKWRt&#x60; for &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://explorer.solana.com/address/SRMuApVNdxXokk5GT7XD5cUUgXMBCoAz2LHeuAoKWRt\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Serum Token&lt;/a&gt;) for the &#x60;token_address&#x60;.  Examples: - Ethereum: &#x60;0xa0b86991c6218b36c1d19d4a2e9eb0ce3606eb48&#x60; - Solana: &#x60;CK1LHEANTu7RFqN3XMzo2AnZhyus2W1vue1njrxLEM1d&#x60; | [optional] 
**network** | **String** | The network of the blockchain you selected  - Solana: &#x60;devnet&#x60;, &#x60;mainnet-beta&#x60; - Ethereum: &#x60;ropsten&#x60;, &#x60;mainnet&#x60;  Defaults when not provided (not applicable to path parameters): - Solana: &#x60;devnet&#x60; - Ethereum: &#x60;ropsten&#x60; | [optional] 
**amount** | **String** | This value must be a string. What you provide here depends on if you are sending an NFT, an SPL token, or SOL.  - Native Currency (e.g., SOL, ETH, BNB): Supply this value denominated in the native currency (e.g., in SOL (but not in Lamports), or in ETH (but not in Wei)) in a string format. This does not need to be an integer. For example, if you want to send 0.0005 SOL, then &#x60;amount &#x3D; \&quot;0.0005\&quot;&#x60;. If you want to send 0.0005 ETH, then &#x60;amount &#x3D; \&quot;0.0005\&quot;&#x60;. - NFT: This must be &#x60;1&#x60;. - Token: This must be an integer in string format. To convert from what you see on a wallet UI (e.g., 1 ATLAS, 1 USDC) to an integer value, you have to multiply that value by 10^&lt;i&gt;x&lt;/i&gt; where &lt;i&gt;x&lt;/i&gt; is the number of decimals. For example, to transfer 0.2 USDC, if USDC uses 6 decimals, then the amount is 0.2 * 10^6 &#x3D; 200000.    - For Solana, you can get the number of decimals for a given SPL token &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;#operation/solanaGetSPLToken\&quot;&gt;here&lt;/a&gt;. We are working on analogues of this endpoint for other blockchains. | [optional] [default to &#39;1&#39;]
**returnCompiledTransaction** | **Boolean** | - If &#x60;false&#x60;, we sign and submit the transaction (&#x60;wallet&#x60; is required in this case; do not provide a value for &#x60;sender_blockchain_identifier&#x60;).  - If &#x60;true&#x60;, we compile the transaction (either &#x60;wallet&#x60; or &#x60;sender_blockchain_identifier&#x60; is required in this case; do not provide both).    | [optional] [default to false]
**senderBlockchainIdentifier** | **String** | To understand the purpose of &#x60;sender_blockchain_identifier&#x60; first note the following: There are two ways you can complete a transfer transaction:  - (1) we complete it for you with your &#x60;wallet&#x60; information or  - (2) we return the raw instruction data that you can sign and submit yourself (no private keys required).  When you provide your &#x60;wallet&#x60; authentication, we are able to determine your wallet&#39;s blockchain identifier (public key or address) which is the sender public key of the transaction.  When you are not providing your &#x60;wallet&#x60; as authentication, we still need the &#x60;sender_blockchain_identifier&#x60; to be able to return the compiled transaction. Thus, you provide &#x60;sender_blockchain_identifier&#x60; if and only if you are not providing &#x60;wallet&#x60; authentication information **and** you are returning a compiled transaction.  You will receive an error if you provide both &#x60;wallet&#x60; and &#x60;sender_blockchain_identifier&#x60;. You will receive an error if you provide neither &#x60;wallet&#x60; nor &#x60;sender_blockchain_identifier&#x60;. | [optional] [default to &#39;null&#39;]
**feePayerWallet** | [**GeneralFeePayerWallet**](GeneralFeePayerWallet.md) |  | [optional] 


